.TH "KSESSION" "1" "Aug 2025" "1.4.3" "Custom Commands"
.SH NAME
ksession \- Save and restore Kitty terminal sessions
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBksession\fR {save|-s} [session_name]
.br
\fBksession\fR {restore|-r} [session_name]
.br
\fBksession\fR {destroy|-d}
.br
\fBksession\fR {list|-l}
.br
\fBksession\fR {view|-v} [session_name]
.br
\fBksession\fR {edit|-e} [session_name]
.br
\fBksession\fR {version|--version} 
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBksession\fR command allows users to save, restore, and manage Kitty terminal sessions. 
This script saves the state of open tabs and their working directories for future restoration.

Additionally, it allows users to view or edit session files directly using their preferred text editor.

Session files are located in \fI~/.config/ksession/sessions/*.txt\fR

Session files support both absolute paths (/home/user/path) and tilde notation (~/path) for directory specifications.

The default editor is \fInvim\fR, but this can be overridden by setting \fBEDITOR_CMD\fR in \fI~/.config/ksession/config\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fBsave, -s\fR [session_name]
Save the current Kitty session state to a file.
.TP
\fBrestore, -r\fR [session_name]
Restore a saved Kitty session state.
.TP
\fBdestroy, -d\fR
Destroy all but one of the currently open Kitty tabs.
.TP
\fBlist, -l\fR
List all saved session files.
.TP
\fBview, -v\fR [session_name]
Display the contents of a saved session file in a readable format.
.TP
\fBedit, -e\fR [session_name]
Open the session file in a text editor for manual editing. The editor can be configured via \fI~/.config/ksession/config\fR using the \fBEDITOR_CMD\fR variable.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Save a session:
\fBksession save my_session\fR
.TP
Restore a session:
\fBksession restore my_session\fR
.TP
Destroy all but one tab:
\fBksession destroy\fR
.TP
List all saved sessions:
\fBksession list\fR
.TP
View a session's contents:
\fBksession view my_session\fR
.TP
Edit a session file in the configured editor:
\fBksession edit my_session\fR
.TP
View program version:
\fBksession version\fR
.SH FILES
.TP
\fI~/.config/ksession/config\fR
Optional configuration file to specify a preferred editor using \fBEDITOR_CMD\fR.
.TP
\fI~/.config/ksession/sessions\fR
Session definitions.
.SH AUTHOR
caesar - https://github.com/caesar003
