.TH "KSESSION" "1" "October 2024" "1.1" "Custom Commands"
.SH NAME
ksession \- Save and restore Kitty terminal sessions
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBksession\fR {save|-s} [session_name]
.br
\fBksession\fR {restore|-r} [session_name]
.br
\fBksession\fR {destroy|-d}
.br
\fBksession\fR {list|-l}
.br
\fBksession\fR {view|-v} [session_name]
.br
\fBksession\fR {uninstall|-u}
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBksession\fR command allows users to save, restore, and manage Kitty terminal sessions. 
This script saves the state of open tabs and their working directories for future restoration.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fBsave, -s\fR [session_name]
Save the current Kitty session state to a file.
.TP
\fBrestore, -r\fR [session_name]
Restore a saved Kitty session state.
.TP
\fBdestroy, -d\fR
Destroy all but one of the currently open Kitty tabs.
.TP
\fBlist, -l\fR
List all saved session files.
.TP
\fBview, -v\fR [session_name]
Display the contents of a saved session file in a readable format.
.TP
\fBuninstall, -u\fR
Initiate uninstallation of \fBksession\fR. 
.P
This command will:
.IP "1." 4
Prompt the user for confirmation to proceed with uninstallation.
.IP "2." 4
Ask whether to delete all saved session files in \fB~/.config/ksession/\fR. If confirmed, all files in this directory are permanently deleted; if declined, session files are preserved.
.IP
Uninstallation removes the main binary, completion script, configuration files, and manual page, leaving no \fBksession\fR files on the system.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Save a session:
\fBksession save my_session\fR
.TP
Restore a session:
\fBksession restore my_session\fR
.TP
Destroy all but one tab:
\fBksession destroy\fR
.TP
List all saved sessions:
\fBksession list\fR
.TP
View a session's contents:
\fBksession view my_session\fR
.TP
Uninstall ksession:
\fBksession uninstall\fR or \fBksession -u\fR
.SH AUTHOR
caesar - https://github.com/caesar003
